TERMS OF USE FOR OAU ELECTRONIC LAW REPORTS
You're most welcome to OAU Electronic Law Reports.
Kindly have a keen perusal of the terms contained herein before making use of this  E- OAU Law Reports. Contained herein are pivotal information as it pertains to your legal rights, remedies, obligations; and OAU E-Law Reports (which expression include its privies, sponsors, successors-in-title, assigns and licensees) relationship with you in respect of this E-Law Reports. 

These Terms shall apply to all users of this E-Law Reports regardless of their status. 

By continuing to use this Application, you are agreeing to abide by and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use. 
Should you at any point in time have any reason to be at variance with the terms and conditions herein stated, we advise that you stop its usage immediately or contact the Editor-in-Chief.

Supplemental Terms of Use, documents, or other information that may be posted on the E-OAU Law Reports from time to time are hereby expressly incorporated herein by reference. We the discretionary right to make changes or modifications to these Terms of Use at any time and for any reason.

1. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
1.1 Subject to the provisions under 1.2 below, E-OAULR owns the proprietary and intellectual property rights in this Application, its content (including all information, data, text, graphics, artwork, sound recording, videos, photographs, logos, icons and so-on) and the Underlying System. All these intellectual property rights are reserved.

1.2 Without prejudice to 1.1 above, the Intellectual Property and the accompanying rights in the eBooks, Journals, and State Laws contained in the Textbooks and Journals or State Laws sections of this E-Law Reports belong to the Authors. However, the rights in the annotation of the eBooks and State Laws remain exclusively that of OAU E-Law Reports.

2.0 GRANT OF LICENSE
Subject to the payment of the requisite subscription package, forthwith, you are given a weekly, monthly, quarterly, half-yearly, yearly, (as the case may be) license to this OAU E-Law Reports solely for the purpose for which it is intended. In addition, you are granted the privilege to access the information contained in the OAU E-Law Reports anywhere in the globe.

2.1 Your licence shall not be transferred, distributed or otherwise shared with a third party either through computerized software distribution or manually.

2.2 Your licence is renewable upon payment of the requisite subscription as may be fixed by OAU E- Law Reports. You agree, in respect to your duration of subscription, that the expiration of your licence terminates your right to use the OAU E-Law Reports until such time when access may be restored through the renewal of your subscription.

2.3 Your licence lets you use the main parts of the the OAU E-Law Reports. If you want to use extra features that are not included, you are required to pay the relevant access/upgrade fee.

2.4 While you may access in-app purchase features like Textbooks and Journals and State Laws and enjoy the free resource (if any) you hereby agree to pay for all rental (where applicable) or in-app purchases made on the OAU E-Law Reports as such are not covered by your subscription fee.

3.0 ACCEPTABLE USE OF THE APPLICATION AND CONTENT

3.1 You may view, reference and print pages from the OAU E-Law Reports for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions as may be set out in Clause 4 (Fair usage) and Clause 5 (Unacceptable Use of the Application and Content) of this Terms of Use.

4.0 FAIR USAGE
4.1 To ensure the quality of service to all our clients, and to ensure that the behaviour of some does not disadvantage the majority of our clients and users, you agree to be subject to the fair usage limits as contained in this clause.

4.2 This fair usage clause applies to your usage of this OAU E-Law Reports, in particular, to the quantity and type of devices from which you can access the OAU E-Law Reports. Consequently, this fair usage clause imposes an upper limit on the number of devices from which you may access the OAU E-Law Reports as follows:

4.2.1 You may access the OAU E-Law Reports on up to three devices (laptop, mobile and tablet)

4.2.2 If you desire to switch any of the devices identified with your licence, you will be required to contact support@oaulawreports@gmail.com Such change of devices shall not be more than thrice during the subsistence of your licence.

4.2.3 Should you exceed the permitted number of devices, you may be denied access to the OAU E-Law Reports on the superfluous device(s).

4.2.4 MWithout prejudice to Clause 4.2 above, OAU E-Law Reports reserves at its sole discretion to review what constitutes fair Usage of the OAU E-Law Reports from time to time.

5.0 UNACCEPTABLE USE OF THE APPLICATION AND CONTENT

5.1 Content of this OAU E-Law Reports must not be:

a. republished in hard copy, e-book format, on another Application or by any means whatsoever except for the purpose of referencing it as a law report;

b. sold, rented or sub-licensed;

c. reproduced, duplicated, copied or otherwise exploited for commercial purpose(s);

5.2 PROHIBITED USES
You must not:
a. use the OAU E-Law Reports in any manner that is unlawful or that may damage, disable, or impair the E-Law Reports;

b. introduce or transmit any virus, worm, Trojan horse, time bomb, keystroke logger, spyware, malware, or any other harmful or similar feature that compromises or may compromise the OAU E-Law Reports or any underlying system, or otherwise attempt to interfere with or damage the E-Law Reports or its systems;

c. use the Application in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the system or interfere with any other user’s access to or enjoyment of the Application;

d. access or attempt to access the OAU E-Law Reports through any means other than standard web browsers. Prohibited methods include, but are not limited to, scraping, deep-linking, data harvesting, data mining, use of robots, spiders, automation tools, or any similar data-gathering, extraction, or monitoring methods;

e. attempt to gain unauthorized access to any reports, data, services, accounts, computer systems, or networks connected with the Application;

f. use the OAU E-Law Reports in violation of any applicable laws, regulations, or legal requirements; or

g. use the OAU E-Law Reports to cause harm, injury, or loss to any person or business entity. in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the system or interfere with any other user’s access to or enjoyment of the E-Law Reports;

6.0 REGISTRATION, PASSWORD AND SECURITY PROCEDURES

6.1 You must provide accurate, current and complete information in your dealings with us especially when setting up an account and must promptly update that information as required so that the information remains accurate, current and complete at all times.

6.2 Certain areas of this E-Law Reports are restricted to logged in users and permitted persons only. If you log in with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this Application or other content or services, such user ID and password are confidential and must be treated as such. Consequently, you must:

a. keep same secure and confidential.

b. immediately notify us if you become aware of any disclosure or unauthorized use of your User ID by sending an email to support@lawpavilion.com.

6.3 Where you access or use the E-Law Reports on behalf of another person or entity (including a company), you represent and warrant that you are duly authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of that person or entity. By agreeing to these Terms on their behalf, such person or entity shall be legally bound by these Terms.

7.0 NO WARRANTIES
The information on this E-Law Reports is provided on an “as is” basis. There is therefore no representation or warranty, of any kind related to this E-Law Reports or the materials contained on this Application. Also, nothing contained on this Application shall be interpreted as advising you.

8.0 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
8.1 To the extent permitted by law, we and our licensees, officers, directors and employees have no liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any loss as a result of:

a. any exposure to viruses or other forms of interference which may damage your computer system or expose you to fraud when you access or use the E-Law Reports. To avoid doubt, you are responsible for ensuring the process by which you access and use the E-Law Reports protects you from this;

b. any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.

c. We make no representation or warranty that the E-Law Reports is appropriate or available for use in all countries or that the content satisfies the laws of all countries. You are responsible for ensuring that your access to and use of the E-Law Reports is not illegal or prohibited, and for your own compliance with applicable local laws.

9.0 CHANGES
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms from time to time by updating them on the OAU E-Law Reports. Except as otherwise stated, any change takes effect immediately. If there are any significant changes, we will notify you of these changes within the E-Law Reports.
What constitutes a significant change will be determined at our sole discretion. You are therefore responsible for ensuring you are familiar with the latest Terms. By continuing to access and use the E-Law Reports, you agree to be bound by the changed Terms.

10.0 ASSIGNMENT
OAU E-Law Reports reserves the right to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms as it deems fit and without your prior notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.

11.0 FORCE MAJEURE
OAU E-Law Reports shall not be liable to you for any failure to perform under this Terms where such failure is due to an event which could not have been reasonably foreseen or beyond our control including but not limited to any act of God, terrorism, war, epidemic, pandemic, political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or manmade eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of this Terms.

12.0 ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and OAU E-Law Reports in relation to your use of this E- Law Reports, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.

13.0 DISPUTE RESOLUTION
In the event of any dispute, difference or claim (“Dispute”) arising whether directly or indirectly from this Terms, Parties shall first attempt in good faith to resolve the Dispute through direct negotiation between senior representatives of each party for at least thirty (30) days.

13.1 If the Dispute is not settled amicably within the period stated above, the Dispute shall be referred for Mediation which shall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration and Mediation Act, 2023 or such other rules mutually agreed by the Parties. 

13.2 Each Party shall bear its own costs and would be liable to contribute the equal amount in respect of fees to be paid to the Mediator/ Arbitrator.

Clause 13.1  shall not preclude a Party from making an application to the Court for Injunctive Relief.

14.0 GOVERNING LAW
This Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, without reference to principles of conflict of laws; and parties shall submit to the jurisdiction of the Nigerian Courts.

15.0 ENFORCEABILITY
The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Terms of Use shall not affect the validity or enforceability of its other provisions.

The failure of OAU E-Law Reports at any time to enforce your performance of any provisions of this Agreement shall in no way affect its to enforce the same subsequently nor constitute a waiver, nor shall the waiver by OAU E-Law Reports of any breach of any provision hereof be held to be a waiver of any other breach of the same or any other provision.

16.0 INDEMNITY
You hereby agree to hold OAU E-Law Reports free and harmless from any and all claims, damages, and expenses of every kind or nature whatsoever arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.

connect with us via

+2348058163438 or +234816 353 3315

support@oaulr@gmail.com


© 2026 OAU E-LAW REPORTS